effortless path to true relaxation
through sahaja Samadhi meditation sahaja
is a Sanskrit word that means natural or
effortless Samadhi is a deep blissful
meditative state Saanich samadhi
meditation is a natural effortless
system of meditation the cyllage Samadhi
program teaches you a meditation
technique that alleviates the
practitioner from stress-related
problems deeply relaxes the mind and
rejuvenates the system regular practice
of the technique can transform the
quality of one's life by culturing the
system to maintain the peace energy and
expanded awareness throughout the day
these meditation techniques combined
with yogic practices can ensure good
health and a calm mind meditation allows
the conscious mind to settle deeply in
the self giving at rest when the mind
settles down it lets go of all tension
making one healthy and focused how does
such samadhi meditation works the
participant is taught to use a simple
mantra sound mentally which allows the
mind to settle down and go within when
the mind and nervous system are allowed
to repose a few moments in the profound
silence the blocks that clog the system
in our progress gradually dissolve five
benefits of Sahaj Samadhi meditation one
clear thinking to increased energy three
better physical health
four improve relationships five greater
peace of mind
importance of mantra in Sanskrit a
mantra is that which saves you from
repetitiveness a repetitive thought is a
worry mantras helped free you from
worries the chanting of the mantra
allows the mind to settle deeply into
itself and when the mind settles down it
let go of all tension and stress and
Center itself in the present moment it
is only in the present moment that we
find true happiness those moments when
we are free from regrets about the past
or anxiety about the future Sajid means
natural Samadhi means enlightenment our
inner nature is available naturally
through this mantra meditation guru dev
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar says in Samadhi
that very deep state of meditation you
are given energy and long-lasting bliss
it carries you higher and higher until
your very presence radiates love
you